README.md, before:

# angular-simple-learn
A simple repository used to learn Angular by course of Cod3r Cursos Gratuitos | Leonardo Moura Leitao

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Changing readme md and incluing the backend folder to project works

README.md, after:

![Angular Icon](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/the-seo-guide-to-angular-760x400.webp)

# My apprenticeship with Angular
## hello there!
This repository is to save what i could learn with `Angular`! In the first moment i needed learn `Angular` to can do another course using Ionic too, on this course i learned important concepts of this framework that i want to save it forever <3

Its a simple _`CRUD`_ project using _`JSON-Server`_ on _`back-end`_ to work, but on it i used many concepts importants how: `Binding`, `Routing`, `Directives`, `Pipes`, `get & set` like `PHP` Magic Methods... And how hieratic `modules` and `component` are **distributed** and **works**.

To Run this project its very simple:

1. Run an instance of console and go to **_backend_** folder;
2. Run command:
```
    npm start
```
3. On a second instance of console, in root of project run command:
```
    npm start
```
4. Then:
```
    ng serve
```

# THANKS A LOT [Cod3r](https://cod3r.com.br) !!

## angular-simple-learn
A simple repository used to learn Angular by course of Cod3r Cursos Gratuitos | Leonardo Moura Leitao

## Below is some things that Angular CLI write when we create a new ng app :v

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
